c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.config
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.g.resources
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.application
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
c:\users\mrcrispy\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.application
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.config
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.application
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.g.resources
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.application
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockStuff.dll
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\StockUtilities\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockStuff.pdb
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.config
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.application
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockStuff.dll
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\bin\Debug\StockStuff.pdb
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.g.resources
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe.manifest
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.application
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.exe
C:\Users\MrCrispy\Documents\GitHub\StockUtility\StockUtilities\obj\Debug\StockUtilities.pdb
